Update link from Discuss to Dev Hub (#6553)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/hello-world-windows.md

## Software pre-installed on the Windows image
{: #software-pre-installed-on-the-windows-image }

> To find information on what software is pre-installed on the Windows image, please visit the [Developer Hub](https://circleci.com/developer/machine/image/windows-server). The Windows image page on the Developer Hub will list links to the most recent updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find information on what software is pre-installed on the Windows image, please visit the [Developer Hub](https://circleci.com/developer/machine/image/windows-server). The Windows image page on the Developer Hub lists links to the most recent updates.
```

Reviewer: 'will' sounds to me as though it's something that'll happen in the future, i.e. the links aren't yet there 🤔
